[Music]
how to always the great in photos many
people believe that the work of
professional models consists only of
being pretty and staring at the camera
well much of their success depends on
the skills of posing and presenting
themselves in the right way there are a
few crucial mistakes you should avoid to
look perfect in any photos to have a
look at these twelve easy tricks from
professionals to learn how to act like a
true model number 12 put your chin
forward in any photo your neck should
remain visible don't tilt your head
forward otherwise your gaze will become
heavy and unwelcome 8 what should you do
try to put your head slightly forward
this might feel unnatural but such a
position will make your neck look
slimmer and add a sense of elegance to
the overall image 11 do not cross your
arms tilting your head without lowering
your shoulders looks unnatural right
crossing your arms turns your whole
figure into a vague blur what is a
better idea when facing the camera angle
your body somewhat to the side put your
arms down and spread them slightly apart
this way your neck will seem slenderer
and your body outlines will become
defined number 10 watch your posture
even a slightly hunched back visually
shortens your neck and adds a few extra
pounds around your waist can you see it
[Music]
draw your shoulder blades closer
together and straighten your spine while
bending backward at the waist if you're
sitting down don't lean against the back
of the chair let's make your body
outline more defined try sitting half
turn to the camera yes like this number
9 change the angle when you sit with
your legs facing the camera your
silhouette looks bulky and box light be
careful with choosing the angle the
wrong one can make your arms and legs
appear surer than they are to fix this
you need to change the angle by slightly
turning away from the camera to keep
your legs from blending and make them
seem longer and slenderer
place one leg slightly above the other
number 8 turn your torso if you turn
your torso away from the camera too much
your shoulders will appear round and
narrow and your waist will seem wide
also turning your upper body towards the
camera makes you look okie how to fix it
the best option is to turn 3/4 towards
the camera this trick will make your
waist look thinner and your bust bigger
[Music]
number 7 pay attention to your arms when
we're sitting down we often wonder where
to put our arms crossed arms create an
ugly impression but keeping your hands
loose looks unnatural if we know a small
trick to fix it the hourglass shape it's
one of the best options put one leg over
the other and place both elbows on the
upper legs knee keep one arm in a
vertical position and the other
horizontal this trick creates elegant
visual lines that highlight both your
face and your figure
number six create visual lines standing
straight with your arms hanging at your
side's can hardly qualify as a
photogenic pose besides some items of
clothing can blur together adding width
and bulkiness to your figure what should
you do move your arms away from your
body try using them to create straight
lines and angles that will accentuate
your figures contours and highlight what
really matters number five combine
straight and curved lines no less
attractive is the combination of curved
and straight lines first stand in semi
profile to the camera leave some visible
space around your waist place one hand
on your thigh and let the other drape
along the curves of your body arrange
your arms correctly to emphasize the
beautiful aspects of your figure and
create an all-around elegant impression
[Music]
number four avoid baggy clothes baggy
clothes make your figure difficult to
discern they also make your body seem
much wider to make your figure look
perfect place your hands on the front
side of your hips
make sure your wrists are visible and
that one hand is located slightly above
the other and honestly it's best to
avoid wearing baggy clothes to
photoshoots
altogether number three don't show your
elbows and arm whose elbow points
straight at the camera looks shortened
and unnatural also if one of your hands
rest on your neck or head it violates
the rules of proportion adding heaviness
to the photo if your arms are present in
the frame your hands need to be in plain
sight and serve to emphasize your best
features move your elbows slightly to
the side so as to make the visible lines
distinguishable
number two imitate touching if one of
your palms is pointed toward the camera
it will stand out of the frame dragging
the attention away from your other
features this will also make your face
look smaller the gesture must both hide
your palms and trace or emphasize the
contours of your face also you should
learn how to imitate touching certain
spots on your body without actually
making contact another thing you should
remember during a photoshoot is to never
place your hands on your face or head
never ever number one
emphasize your face clenching your hand
into a fist and propping your head
against it isn't the best idea this
position looks heavy and unnatural a
much better idea would be to highlight
the contours of your face with your
extended fingers to make your hand and
wrist look relaxed and natural try first
taking a pen with two fingers and then
removing it letting your hand memorize
the position
are you that lucky one who always looks
great in photos share your experience in
the comments below don't forget to hit
the like button and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]
you